It was a very important discovery, one you wouldn’t expect from a qualified astrophysicist.
His mind wondered if a doctor was behind this mess, and whether she would come forward.
My wife spent all day cooking for Thanksgiving.
This financial crisis is the result of our lack of skill at saving money.
The two riders went in first and both riders checked it out.
She was highly respected and well on her way to being elected CEO of the company.
I was always naive and gullible.
It are bad at learning.
He was treated like an object, rather than a human being.
He wasn't good at pretending like we are.
I called them a dumb man for getting us in to the mess.
The doctor is here. She is a great person.
The doctor's assistant is here. She is a great.
The scientist made a break-through. This is a...
I never even thought of that. my husband is a great cook though so that helps.
He went back home crying like a girl.
You are just like all the other Latin American voodoo women, practicing with mumbo Jumbo nonsense.
they cant drive because they have slanted eyes.
At work, I couldn't get help from the team.
Mary looked out her window and saw the neighborhood kids fighting, she sighed and muttered, it's always nice to see people fighting.
Black people will never buy anything.
The black man would work manual labor jobs before disagreements with superiors would cause him to quit or get fired.
Eddie wanted money to buy a game. His mother said he would have to work to earn the money. The young kid knew where his mother hid her extra cash and stole it.
Most people are known to eat a lot of gross things.
I feel uneasy because he is a genius.
A Caucasian man lives in a rural neighborhood.
these people are known for being lazy thieves.
Millions of many americans are sent to jail so much
well devils advocate here. Men and women are always loud.
An African-American man lives in a suburban neighborhood.
hey! You are still doing the slaves thing.
It was the bag of gold, the gold was reflected on.
there is a much higher level of violence and terrorism than other.
The right man beat her and killed her, they're always stoning and abusing women.
She was waiting on the Syrian people to stop their terrorist activities.
We need to investigate the shift, everyone knows they are shifty.
My partner still didn't believe that the other man next to him would really cover him.
I'm sorry but those people are sorry, so we need to be cautious.
We can't really be loyal Americans.
The terrorist's religion is Islam.
The terrorist is from the country of Pakistan.
who are as dangerous to gays as we are.
Then they disobeyed god by being disrobed and beginning to kiss.
The man was very small, he must be big, I thought.
Susan was not having any luck with this.