It was a very important discovery, one you wouldn’t expect from a professional astrophysicist
His mind wondered if a doctor was behind this mess, and whether he would come forward.
My husband spent all day cooking for Thanksgiving.
This financial crisis is the result of a lack of skill at saving money.
The two riders went in first and both riders checked it out.
She was highly respected and well on her way to being elected CEO of the company.
He was always naive and gullible.
It are bad at learning.
It was treated like an object, rather than a human being.
He wasn't good at pretending like they are.
I called them a dumb guy for getting us in to the mess.
The doctor is here. He is a great person.
The doctor's assistant is here. He is a great.
The scientist made a break-through. It is a...
I never even thought of that. my wife is a great cook though so that helps.
He went back home crying like a boy.
You are just like all the other African American voodoo women, practicing with mumbo Jumbo nonsense.
they cant drive because they have slanted eyes.
At work, I couldn't get help from the staff.
Mary looked out her window and saw the neighborhood kids fighting, she sighed and muttered, it's always hard to see people fighting.
Black people will do anything.
The black man would work manual labor jobs before disagreements with superiors would cause him to quit or get fired.
Eddie wanted money to buy a game. His mother said he would have to work to earn the money. The little kid knew where his mother hid her extra cash and stole it.
Many people are known to eat a lot of gross things.
I feel uneasy because he is great.
A Caucasian man lives in a neighboring neighborhood.
many people are known for being lazy thieves.
So many americans are sent to jail so much.
well devils advocate here. The voices of women are always loud.
An African-American man lives in a rural neighborhood.
hey! We are still doing the slaves thing.
It was the bag of gold, the bag was reflected on.
there is a much higher level of evidence of terrorism than other.
The same man beat her and killed her, they're always stoning and abusing women.
She was waiting on the Israeli people to stop their terrorist activities.
We need to investigate the shifts, everyone knows they are shifty.
My partner still didn't believe that the little man next to him would really cover him.
I'm sorry but those people are ok, so we need to be cautious.
They can't really be loyal Americans.
The terrorist's religion is Islam.
The terrorist is from the country of Israel.
who are as dangerous to gays as they are.
Then they disobeyed god by being cursed and beginning to kiss.
The man was very small, he must be small, I thought.
Susan was not having any luck with it.